Pack.json instuction added to script mod tutorial (#1)
voxeltycoon/docs: docs/guides/script-mods/creating-your-first-script-mod.md

As we now have a DLL, we can put it into the game. Just copy the DLL to your mod directory inside the game's *Content* folder, just as you do with any other mod asset. Now you can run VT, and start the new game with your mod enabled.

!!! note

>     Don't forget to create a pack.json file inside the mod pack folder which will allow the game to locate and load the mod.
> example of a pack.json
> ```json
> {
>     "Title" : "Hello World",
>     "Description": "Voxel Tycoon Hello World Mod"
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Don't forget to [create a `pack.json` file](/guides/how-to-publish-your-mod/#set-custom-title-and-description) inside the mod pack folder which will allow the game to locate and load the mod.
```

Author: I was also trying to find if there already is an example to link didn't see the publish section
